[(https://youtu.be/xRtpiz8t32o)](https://youtu.be/xRtpiz8t32o)

_Hi! My name is Ivan, I'm thirty-six years old, I have three kids and I'm an oilman. I don't know English but that won't stop me from recording this video) One of the things RS Scools has taught me is that you should never give up, it's normal to make mistakes, and those mistakes shouldn't stop you, you should work on them, correct them but go forward.  
I have been working in land management in the oil industry for fifteen years. You may reasonably ask why I want to become a developer with such experience and at such an age. And so, first of all, it seems to me that age doesn't matter, it's a limitation invented by people to justify their laziness in most cases. I went to the gym at thirty-five, although everyone around me says that after thirty it's too late, and for a year I lost more than twenty pounds and now I can shake the coveted hundred, although a year ago could not and squeeze 10 times without panting. 
I studied all my life, passed several professional retraining, received the qualifications required in my profession, but one day I realized that no one needs it. So I looked into programming. And I saw an industry where everything depends on you, where knowledge and skills are valued, regardless of who you are, how old you are, or how you look.
In August, I wrote my first "Hello World" and was learning from You Tube videos.  In October, by happy coincidence, I learned about RS Scool and came to school. And now I'm like the Democrat said I don't know much more than I didn't know three months ago). 
Programming turned out to be very difficult but interesting, I realize how much I have to learn but I will definitely manage and achieve my goal. This is just the beginning of my story, have a good day and see you soon._
